Docs for OpenAPI v3 (#30534)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api.md

Interface Definition Language (IDL) files for each schema located in the Go
packages that define the API objects.

### OpenAPI V3

{{< feature-state state="alpha"  for_k8s_version="v1.23" >}}

> OpenAPI V3 publication can be enabled with the feature gate `OpenAPIV3` and is disabled by default. See [Feature Gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) for a genral explanation of feature gates and how to enable them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes v1.23 offers initial support for publishing its APIs as OpenAPI v3; this is an
alpha feature that is disabled by default.
You can enable the alpha feature by turning on the
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) named `OpenAPIV3`
for the kube-apiserver component.
```
(minimum fix: correct the typo in “genral”)

With the feature enabled, the Kubernetes API server serves an aggregated OpenAPI v3 spec per Kubernetes group version at the `/openapi/v3/apis/<group>/<version>` endpoint.

> The same request headers are supported in v3 and v2, with one exception that `application/com.github.proto-openapi.spec.v3@v1.0+protobuf` is used for the Accept header for protobuf OpenAPI v3.

Reviewer: nit: it would be better to provide an amended table than to refer readers to review another table and then mentally patch it
(for beta and GA, this would be a must-fix rather than a nit)

Reviewer: Also, I'd write the header name `Accept` in backticks.

Author: Updated with an amended table

for the kube-apiserver component.

With the feature enabled, the Kubernetes API server serves an
aggregated OpenAPI v3 spec per Kubernetes group version at the
`/openapi/v3/apis/<group>/<version>` endpoint. Please refer to the
table below for accepted request headers.

<table>
  <caption style="display:none">Valid request header values for OpenAPI v3 queries</caption>
  <thead>
     <tr>
        <th>Header</th>
        <th style="min-width: 50%;">Possible values</th>
        <th>Notes</th>
     </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
     <tr>
        <td><code>Accept-Encoding</code></td>
        <td><code>gzip</code></td>
        <td><em>not supplying this header is also acceptable</em></td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
        <td rowspan="3"><code>Accept</code></td>
        <td><code>application/com.github.proto-openapi.spec.v3@v1.0+protobuf</code></td>
        <td><em>mainly for intra-cluster use</em></td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
        <td><code>application/json</code></td>
        <td><em>default</em></td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
        <td><code>*</code></td>
        <td><em>serves </em><code>application/json</code></td>
     </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> A discovery endpoint `/openapi/v3` is provided to see a list of all

Reviewer 2: is this accepting the same content-type as above? Or only json?

Author: Thanks! Updated to state that it only returns JSON.
